So far, we've done a lot in terms of learning about cuddling, so we went through and learned very
basics to learn about variables, how to create a fire, which is a mutable variable and foul, immutable
variable.
And we learn that best practice is in essence, to always use foul over far.
We're able to declare variables and explicitly initializing those variables, which is a good way of
thinking about showing exactly what types are we creating as we create those variables.
Even though most is integrated development environments such as Android Studio, they may find certain
ways that we put together.
These initialization is redundant, but it's always important to think in those terms because that is
exactly what's happening in the back end, as you see here in this example, right?
We explicitly saying that these variable name will always be a string target.
And also we learn about the a different way to initialize variables so we can initialize them and give
them a type.
And then later on and say name is equal to James, for instance, to initialize that variable.
So we declare the variable, the type and so forth.
And then we add something like variable.
Then we moved on to looking at basic types in Kotlin.
So first we divided these types into two groups.
The first one is the whole number.
So we have integer bytes in short.
And then second group was floating point types as we call those decimal numbers so doubles and.
Now for our basic ones, the whole numbers integer, of course, is the most used, commonly used and
we have byte in short.
So the idea is to always think in terms of of, OK, when do I use one over the other?
Not all of them are created equally because internally in memory, they have a certain capped size.
OK, so four floating points types, we have double in float.
So the thing to remember here is that if you need precision, you will always use double because double
has more space, meaning the size of a double is larger than of a float.
Hence, we are able to store more decimals in a double than we can in a float.
OK.
And then we looked at some basics operators such as multiplication, addition, subtraction, division
and the modulo operator.
OK, so we are set for the basics, at least for to understand how these, because they call them primitive
types, can work.
And we can at this point be somewhat dangerous when it comes to understanding how the basics work.
Now we're going to move on to loops and branching, so we understand now how to create conditions so
that we can then have some sort of a tree like map of, OK, this condition is true, then this will
happen.
If this is not true, then that will happen else if this other thing will happen.
OK, so create some sort of like a tree of conditions in decisions that will be responding depending
on the data that we're filling in, which essentially is how computers programs work.
OK, let's go ahead and get started.
All right.
So that's what I'm going to be doing next.